welcome to the man of recaps this is the
defenders let's start with Jessica Jones
now she's been binge drinking instead of
running her detective business but this
wife comes like hey help find my missing
husband she's not gonna do it but then
she gets a call like don't find her
husband and she's like well now I have
to
so she tracks him down and he's got a
ton of explosives what and he's in her
apartment he's like I told you not to
track me but then someone else busts in
there and kills him with a katana what
that's right it's a lecture I'm back
from the dead and she's working with the
bill in the season Sigourney Weaver
so Elektra died in daredevil season 2
but the hands took her and put her in
the weird sarcophagus poured the blood
in there and boom she's back to life I
guess that's that's what they do the
hand wanted her because they believe
she's the black sky their legendary
fighter Electra was a good fighter
before but now she's a goddess of death
Sigourney's character is Alexandra and
she's the big head honcho of the end she
even bosses around Madame Gao and
whatever their nefarious plan is this
season I causes like a big earthquake in
New York City now it's Luke Cage he went
to prison at the end of his show but
they clear his name with the help of
superstar lawyer foggy so he's back in
Harlem and he meets up with Claire the
nurse who had he had a romance arc in
his show and these two get it on he
meets with detective misty knight who
says bunch of Harlem kids getting killed
working for some new gang Luke aids
tracks them to this guy in a white suit
now it's Danny Rand the immortal iron
fist he and his girlfriend Colleen been
hunting down the hand they found out
there's a bunch of other enemies of the
hand living in New York but when they
get there they're all dead already the
cleanup crew comes Danny grabs one but
it's just a kid from Harlem who Luke
Cage was there to protect Danny finds
out that karate doesn't work on Luke
Cage he's like what about the iron fist
boom oh ouch yeah that that one worked
they realize they've got Claire as a
mutual friend so they meet up swap
backstories Danny's like yeah I punched
a dragon then that's how I got my
superpowers what anyway Danny decides to
ditch the kung-fu and use his
billionaire powers to take down the hand
in the business world
unfortunately the Board of Directors are
all trained ninjas so they do some more
kung-fu then Luke Cage busting he's a
handy guy to have in a gunfight then
Jessica and daredevil show up to see the
guy she was hired to find was the
architect of the hands headquarters and
that's the building he was gonna blow up
and daredevil was her lawyer at one
point and just sort of followed her
around but anyway it's time for a
hallway fight yeah electric shows up and
beats up daredevil he's like what
elantra
alive but she doesn't remember anything
she's gonna kill him but all right this
stops her for now and the defenders have
assembled
I guess assembled is the Avengers thing
I guess the defenders just kind of like
meet up and hang out they hide out in a
Chinese restaurant swap backstories
become BFFs but then stick shows up to
be there mysterious grumpy old man
mentor earlier he was captured by
Alexandra but still crazy he busts out
of there cuts off his own hand to escape
Alexandra shows up right after him she
reveals that for the hands nefarious
plan they need the iron fist alive a
bunch of henchmen bust in they have a
big fight Matt finds a letter outside
and is like don't be evil baby I love
you and she like starts to remember who
she is so she disappears long story
short the game captured the African guy
in the white suit from before he's one
of the five fingers of the hand that's
how they call their leaders he almost
escapes but stick cuts his head off he
sends the head to the other leaders of
the hand now the hand leaders are
freaked out because they're used to
being immortal he some point Makuta was
killed an iron fist but he's back now
the blood stuff they used to resurrect
Elektra they call it the substance and
the thing is they're out the nefarious
plan is to use the iron fist to open
some sort of doorway that where there's
more of the substance now that stick
knows the hand needs the iron fist he's
like then you gotta hide you away and
Danny's like I don't want to hide how in
a fight so he and daredevil do some
karate and it ends when I've heard fist
punches Luke Cage she's big shockwave
everyone's knocked out they tie up Danny
so the hand can't get him dad ever
remembers in his season two he found a
big hole in the ground right under the
building where the hand headquarters is
and Jessica finds the blueprints of her
architect turns out they're doing
something big down there that's why he
wanted to blow up the building meanwhile
stick smokes out Luke Cage his stuff
this so dank Luke just straight passes
out and sticks like sorry kid but if the
hand needs you to save the world I'm
gonna kill you just then Elektra pops in
she fights stick and she kills him all
her father figure mentor of all those
years she beats up the rest of the
defenders and takes Danny to the hand
but then she's like I'm sick of taking
orders Oh stabs Alexandra oh she's like
hey there are you guys I'm in charge now
the defenders all got picked up by the
cops Misty's like you tell us what's
going on
instead they decide to bust out of there
so they all put on their super suits and
go back to the hand headquarters they're
the 3b3 with the hand leaders Madame Gao
by the way has super second car pushing
powers then Colleen shows up makes it a
foursome so the hand bails Elektra takes
- any deep underground like hey punched
this wall for me he's like what no way
I'm gonna punch
instead but she grabs his hand puts it
into the wall and he's like oh I messed
a big time there turns out what's in
there is a literal dragon skeleton
Madame Gao explains yeah it's dragon
bones that's the substance that lets us
live forever and the stakes are raised
though because if they remove it
New York will crumble into dust colleen
grabbed all the explosives from the
evidence Locker so she and Claire got to
blow this building up but CUDA shows up
they have a little sword fight misty
Knight shows up she's like what'd I miss
oh my arms cut off by a samurai sword
did not see that coming Colleen beheads
Makuta theoretically for good this time
the rest of the defenders going down
where the entire hand army is waiting
for him so it's a big old fight scene
long story short the defenders win
they're going to escape but Daredevils
like no leave me behind I have to talk
to Elektra they fight for a bit then
he's like baby don't be evil I love you
and she's like but I like being evil but
I do love you too so these two start
making out just then the bomb explodes
so the whole building comes crashing
down electron daredevil get buried alive
together so the day is saved
mostly except daredevil died and misty
got her arm cut off it's fine though
she's gonna get a sweet robot one an
iron fist takes up Daredevils mantle of
defender of New York except daredevil
survived he was picked up by a random
group of nuns apparently and that's how
the defenders comes to an end
[Music]